Add two howtos related to the migration to Semgrepignore v2 (#2012)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrepignore-v2-reference.md

example, `/a` and `a/b` are anchored patterns but not `a/`. Please
consult the Gitignore documentation for details.

As a deviation from the Gitignore syntax, Semgrepignore syntax supports
`:include` directives. `:include` followed by an unquoted file path
relative to the path of folder of the source `.semgrepignore` file

> (the current folder in v1) will insert patterns read from that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(the current folder in v1) inserts patterns from that file.
```
